[Connor]
You can address me as Captain Connor.
And as you can see,
I am captain of this ship.
[Rebecca] Shiki! Over here!
[rapid gunfire]
[punisher 1] Violence is a crime,
regardless of the reason.
[loud thud]
[punishers] We sentence you
to 100,000 Metals.
How could you be so cruel?
[clang]
[punisher 1] Not to worry.
Neither of them have been eradicated.
[punisher 2]
They've both been sent to a labor camp
as associate criminals in this matter.
[punisher 1] They're free to go only
after they've mined 100,000 metal ores.
[punisher 2] But until then,
they will remain in our custody.
[gasps]
[punisher 1]
May your will deliver you from evil,
as you continue down the noble path.
[punisher 2] And remember, Madame Kurenai
will always protect the righteous.
[cheering]
They have a labor camp?
They might be referring
to the poverty district.
[Rebecca] We need to find out
who this Madame Kurenai is.
We're coming! Shiki! Homura!
Hang in there just a little longer!
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
STONES
[whoosh]
[pop]
[grunt]
[gasps]
[Shiki] What is this place?
From the looks of it,
they must have teleported us to  a cave.
[gasps]
Hey Homura,
what's that thing around your neck?
[gasps]
When did that happen?
There's one on your neck, too.
-"100,000?"
-[gasps]
The heck does that mean?
-[loud rumble]
-[both gasp]
[chittering]
[tense music playing]
[exhales] What are those things?
[chittering]
Bugs!!!
-Whatever they are, there's a lot of them.
-[trembling] Bugs…
-[body thuds]
-Shiki?
Get up! Come on!
Pull yourself together!
Damn it!
[yelling]
[clanging]
[shattering]
[beeps]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[clang]
[chittering]
[grunts]
-[clang]
-Annoying bug!
[grunts] I need help!
[whines]
[Homura]
There's too many of them to handle alone!
-[male voice] Get down!
-[gasps]
Charge! One plus two…
Equals!
[all] One million power!
[gasps]
-[rapid gunfire]
-One plus two…
Equals…
One million power!
-[beep]
-[man] One plus two equals…
[all] One million power!
[Homura] I'm pretty sure
it's three, but I'll keep quiet.
[sighs] That should take care
of the stones here.
Howdy, noobies. Either of you injured?
Who are you, people?
[whines]
[man] Seriously?
They brought you two here
and didn't explain how to harvest stones?
[Homura] Hmm-mm.
You're way too pretty to be out here.
I feel bad for ya.
I didn't know that many bugs existed.
Those monsters you just saw
are called Stones.
Those were the weakest kind you'll find,
so they aren't worth very much metal.
Honestly, just ignore those shrimps.
Stones and metal?
Sorry, but I have no idea
what you're talking about right now.
Basically, we're all hunters
who defeat those creatures you saw,
called Stones, to collect their metal.
The only ore you'll find on this planet
is harvested by the Stones you find.
After defeating the Stones,
the metal you collect from them
gets sent directly to Madame Kurenai.
And the amount of metal you need
to transfer to her
is that number written on your collar.
All that trouble collecting metal just to
give it away to this Madame Kurenai?
Oh yeah,
who is this Madame Kurenai, anyway?
The most powerful
human being on this planet.
And if you plan on ever leaving this dump,
you've gotta keep gathering metal for her,
until that number on your neck is zero.
Well, that's gonna be boring.
-[sighs]
-Its not boring, it's terrifying.
There's worse Stones than just those bugs.
Really?!
There's something worse out there
than fighting bugs?
Nah, those Stones are trash.
You'll barely earn any metal
taking those things out.
I mean, they only give one metal per bug.
So that's why we go after the bigger ones.
There's big bugs here too!?
Yup! There's all kinds of Stones here.
Some of them even look
like giant monsters.
So not all of them are bugs, Homura!
That's great!
We only came here to find Teacher,
yet we're stuck in some camp
exterminating bugs
for some woman we've never met before.
[groans]
[gasp]
[thud]
What's the matter?
You haven't been collecting
as many metals as you normally do.
So that's it?
Already gave up on your freedom?
Sorry, sir.
I haven't been feeling very well
since I caught a cold last week.
[man] Shut up!
-[stomping]
-I thought violence wasn't permitted here.
Did you forget we had to fight
against the Stones back there?
[Van] There are no laws down here
in the Poverty District.
The bastard beating that man
is our warden.
One of Kurenai's henchmen.
[grunts]
Get your hands off me.
[Eger] His name's  Benzaiten Garrot.
That's enough, he gets it.
[Homura] The poor man is unconscious.
Hey, what are you doing?
It's a death wish to defy
Madame Kurenai's underlings!
Yeah, a death wish for us because
we're gonna get blamed for this stunt.
You don't want to do this!
-[gasps]
-[citizen] Please, stop!
-[crowd murmuring]
[gasp]
I get it, you're newbies.
I suppose it's understandable that
you idiots wouldn't know the rules yet.
[grunts]
[Garrot]
I guess I'm gonna have to teach you.
-[whoosh and snap]
-Drop to your knees, peasants!
-[electricity crackling]
-[groans]
-My legs!
-[thud]
I can't move my legs.
You coward!
I see you've noticed
my whip can paralyze on impact.
[panicked gasps]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Hey there.
Now that I'm getting a closer look at ya,
you're pretty good lookin'.
[chuckles]
-[grunts]
-[whooshes]
[pained cry]
Homura!
[whip cracking]
Now we're talkin'.
I love watching you squirm in pain!
Scream for me!
-[whip cracks]
-[Shiki grunts]
Shiki!
[grunting]
Nice try.
I don't waste my time here on men.
[seething]
Are you seriously gonna challenge me?
Huh?
If you try pulling
some heroic bullshit here,
I'm gonna make sure
all these workers suffer for it.
[frightened moans]
[cracks whip]
[gasps]
[screams in pain]
It's your lucky day, hottie.
You get to be punished and satisfied.
Let go of her, you scum!
Shiki, stop!
Don't worry about me. Please!
[gasps]
It's okay! I can use him to gather info!
After all, he has no idea
that I'm capable of using Ether Gear!
[Garrot] You know I can hear you, right?
Not again!
Why can't I keep my thoughts to myself?
Think that girl's ever gonna come back?
Maybe, but I'd rather die.
[seething]
[straining]
[grunts]
He really took her away.
And worse,
Garrot took an interest in her looks.
Look, I want to help her but--
There's nothing
any of us can do to save her.
I'm getting Homura back!
And I'll take down anyone in my way!
[Kurenai] Next.
This man won't disappoint you.
Cedric is a model from Genos.
It is an honor to meet you, Madame.
You have my thanks.
Oh?
[ward] Planet Genos is known for having
a high population of attractive men,
which led me to believe they would make
fitting attendants for you.
How kind.
Do my eyes deceive me?
I never would've imagined
Madame Kurenai to be so beautiful.
Then you wouldn't mind
disrobing for me now, would you?
Unless you're feeling too shy for me.
[gasps]
Of course. It'd be my pleasure.
Come closer, young man.
Please, excuse me
I can't help but stare in awe.
To think someone so stunning
is the most powerful and wealthy being
on this planet, confounds me.
If I were to be your personal attendant,
I'd do absolutely anything for you.
Oh really now?
Yes, and if it's company that you seek,
I can keep you warm
with my body on a lonely night.
That being said,
your thoughts on him, Madame?
[ward] He is a top rated model
with the qualifications
of a five star butler.
I believe there to be no better--
I choose to reject him.
What?
You have the gall to lay a finger on me
without my permission?
Perhaps you've gone senseless
and mistaken me
for one of your little harlots.
Wait! I'm sorry!
I just… wanted…
to make you feel comfortable, is all.
You overstepped your boundaries.
[whimpering]
[crying] Please, Madame Kurenai!
I beg of you!
Anything but my face!
You can sever my legs, just not my face!
Really?
First you touch without permission,
and now this?
I'm going to savor scorching your face.
Burn in crimson!
[screams in pain]
[evil music playing]
[sighs]
[groans]
Next.
[ward] Unfortunately, Madame Kurenai,
that man you just incinerated
was the last candidate.
Is that so?
Then go fetch me some more,
and do make sure they have manners.
Right.
Understood, Madame Kurenai.
[Kurenai] Oh…
A question for you.
Do you know about a ship
called the Edens Zero?
Sorry, Madame, I do not.
[Kurenai] Really?
You mean to tell me
that a man as well-traveled as you,
has never heard of this ship?
Pardon my curiosity,
but, what makes you
so interested in this matter?
Drakken Joe is out searching for it.
And get this,
according to the info he received,
the ship has an Ether Drive.
You've got to be joking!
Well, it would take nearly ten years
of uninterrupted mining
to gather enough ores to match that value!
[Kurenai] Exactly.
That's why he requested
I be the one to help him find it,
since he needs my Crimson Eye.
[ward] What would be
your asking share of the profits?
He offered 30%.
But, I want more than that,
so I'm going to double-cross him.
I want it all.
And I won't settle
for anything less than 100% of the profit.
[loud rumble]
[squelching]
[loud stomp]
[stomp]
How strange.
It seems Sun Jewel is emitting
a powerful radar and jamming signal.
No kidding, I've been trying non-stop
and I can't reach Rebecca's damn phone.
Mos-Moscoy.
[Hermit] Well, on the bright side,
we don't have to worry about
Edens Zero getting caught in their radar.
What makes you so confident?
Need I remind you how I dealt with Spider?
[indistinct chattering]
It's no use. The signal is jammed.
[Happy] This planet is so advanced
in all the worst ways.
Powerful jamming signal detected.
What a bummer.
I was gonna ask Witch or Sister for help,
but I can't get in touch with them.
We can't connect to the Edens Zero.
[female voice] I saw that
whole fiasco back there, Rebecca.
[gasps]
Don't tell me that's…
[Rebecca] …Labilia!
Too bad.
If you'd recorded your friends getting
banished, you might've gotten views.
Why are you here on Sun Jewel?
[Labilia]
I was gonna ask you the same thing.
I mean, no offense but this
isn't really a place for poor people.
Anyway,
I saw how Shiki and the kimono girl
were taken to the labor camp.
I guess I felt bad for you
so I came over to tell you a secret.
[gasps]
So get this.
I know a secret way to get
in the labor camp undetected.
[all] Huh?!
Now, I don't mind
telling you how, Rebecca,
as long as you do little ol' me,
a little ol' favor.
[indistinct chattering]
[Rebecca] You want a favor from me?
-Yup!
-[Happy] I have a bad feeling about this!
Since you've been getting
so popular lately
thanks to your stunt on Guilst,
I thought it might be fun
to collaborate with you.
[Labilia] I mean, think about it.
This isn't a bad deal for you.
What are you scheming, Labilia?
Oh, look! It's little Hoppy and Pipo.
[Pino] It's Happy and Pino.
[Happy] Wait, you're messing them up
on purpose, aren't you?
Anyhoo, you remember those
B-Cuber kidnappings, right?
Well, those creeps came after me,
but your friend Shiki came to my rescue
and managed to fight them off,
so helping you is my way of repaying him.
Look, if you appeared
in just one of my videos,
your popularity will soar.
At the same time,
I'll get loads of new viewers from you,
since you're the new
rising star of B-Cube.
It's a win-win situation, bestie!
Okay, so what's the favor?
[Labilia] Nothing too crazy!
All you gotta do is cosplay as
Wibble Wobble Ruby Bobble in my video.
No way, that's an anime for children!
The title?
I Find Out How Desperate Up and Coming
Cosplay B-Cuber Rebecca Really Is!
I'm not doing that!
What's wrong?
Did you change your mind about
wanting to save your imprisoned friends?
I guess you don't care what happens
to Shiki and kimono girl after all.
[grunts]
[indistinct chattering]
[embarrassed groan]
[all gasping]
You look totally adorable!
More like totally ridiculous
for wearing this nonsense.
[Nino singing]
♪ The bunny's tail is fluffy but… ♪
-The theme song?
-♪ I know you wanna touch me ♪
♪ But please no gobble gobble ♪
♪ Don't eat me, mister meanie ♪
♪ I got many friends to make
And yummies yet to bake ♪
♪ Let's wibble wobble some more ♪
That's Wibble Wobble Ruby Bobble's
second opening theme song!
He's good! Like weirdly good!
[Rebecca] Wait a second.
I recognize that hair.
I know you!
You're the famous B-Cuber Nino!
Only anime can save the universe.
Hey! She's right. It's really Nino!
Whoa! I can't believe
he's actually here with us!
And look! That's Labilia over there!
Maybe they're filming a video!
Nino must be popular here.
He's a famous B-Cuber that covers
everything from anime to geek content.
[chuckles]
You really look
like Wibble Wobble Ruby Bobble.
Can I get a picture with you?
This is the best cosplay I've seen.
Um… sure?
-[giggles]
-Would you mind not interrupting us, Nino?
Did you orchestrate all this?
Sorry about that.
I guess I got too excited for a second.
He's awesome.
I wish we could collab with him.
Me too.
[Labilia] Okay, Rebecca.
I know it's last minute,
but here's the general flow
of the video we'll be shooting today.
[Rebecca] What do you mean?
Hold on a second. It's scripted?
Just like every other video.
Your viewership won't grow unless you know
what to say before you hit record.
Planning is essential
for just about any content you make.
Even reaction videos.
No way! You mean everyone's doing this?
[giggles]
[chuckles]
Hey, ladies and losers,
allow me to introduce you to Rebecca,
the rising star of B-Cube
known for her cute cat dance.
Hi there!
[Rebecca] This is going to help me
find Shiki and Homura, right?
So why are you wearing a costume?
You made me wear this stupid thing!
[Labilia] Whoopsie.
Anyway, I had her cosplay…
[Rebecca]
I managed to get closer to Labilia
and I'm learning tips on
how to become a successful B-Cuber.
Shiki, Homura, I promise I'm doing
all this for you guys.
Just hang in there.
Eyes over here!
Rebecca has a little something
she's dying to show everyone.
Really? I had no idea.
[crowd laughing]
[Labilia, hushed]
Do this and you're finished.
She's going to say Ruby's
catchphrase on stage for all of us!
[Rebecca] What?
[giggles]
Okay, but this is
the last thing I'm doing, alright?
[crowd oohs]
[inhales]
You leave it to me.
I'll wibble wobble your heart!
-[giggles]
-[crowd cheering]
-Yay! That was so cute!
-[beep]
[pop]
[splashes]
[both gasp]
Hmm!
[stifled laugh]
[hysterical laughter]
[gasps]
[all laughing]
Hmm!
[gasps]
[laughing] Somehow that was
even funnier that I imagined!
I title this video:
Annoying Girl From B-cuber Kidnappings
Wibble-Wobbles Herself
Into a Batch of Hot Smelly Soup.
I can't believe
you actually wore that outfit!
Rebecca, the rising star cosplays
as a character from a children's show!
-How embarrassing!
-[all laughing]
[hysterical laughter]
[squeals]
I just can't stop laughing!
I'm dying here!
[whimpers]
This stunt wasn't
in the script you gave us!
Everyone knows the best pranks
are the unscripted ones!
Just look at her over there.
She's such a disaster you can't look away!
And the look on her face!
-How are you not dying laughing? [laughs]
-[all laughing]
[poignant music plays]
Please, help me understand
what is funny about this.
[Labilia] You're a robot,
so you probably won't get it.
What's funny is watching an idiot
get put in her place in front of a crowd.
Well, for humans it's funny.
You are bullying my friend.
None of this is comical.
You are cruel!
Seriously, what did she ever do to you?
Aw, how pathetic.
The annoying little robot
is pretending to cry.
[Rebecca] It's fine, Pino.
I was stupid for thinking
I could trust Labilia in the first place.
Rebecca!
Thank you for all the juicy footage.
Time for me to go do some editing,
But you promised me, Labilia!
Tell me how to get into the labor camp.
I'm sorry, what?
[chuckles] Bye, besties!
That girl is total scum.
How despicable.
Well guys, time to go back
to the drawing board.
Huh?
[Nino] "Madame Kurenai
is eavesdropping on everything said here,
so don't say a word
and try to suppress your reaction."
-[gasps]
-[Nino] "I know a secret way
to the labor camp undetected,
so follow me!"
"Only anime can save the universe."
[gasps]
[industrial machinery
whirring and hissing]
[grunts]
[slurps]
I could get used to this.
[Homura grunts] What's wrong?
How come I'm unable to use my Ether Gear!
Ether Gear is a technology that rearranges
the Ether inside your body.
Hate to break it to ya,
but you can't use it
when your hands are tied up.
Crap. I have no way out of here.
-[whip cracks]
-Now then,
let's relax and have some fun here.
[loud bang]
-[gasps]
-Huh?!
Shiki!
What now?
Weren't you listening to me earlier, kid?
If you try to oppose my authority,
those workers there will suffer for it.
[Shiki] Like I care about them.
Homura is my friend and that's that.
I'm not some hero who fights for anyone.
But I'll always fight for my friends,
and I'll take down anyone who hurts them!
["" by Sayuri playing]
RESET